Intro to css values (#44937)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/font-style/index.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### Values

> This property is specified as one of the following keyword values, with `oblique` optionally followed by an `<angle>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is specified as one of the following keyword values. The `oblique` keyword can optionally be followed by an `<angle>`:
```
